git release steps to balsamic docs (#625)
Clinical-Genomics/BALSAMIC: docs/FAQs.rst

We are still investigating other UMI-aware variant callers and maybe in the future, if something works better, additional varcallers will be added to the UMIworkflow.

**Git Related Questions**
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

**How to make a new release of balsamic**

Here is the release model look like:

.. figure:: images/git_releasemodel.png

*Requirements:* bumpversion

`pip install bumpversion`

If changes are hotfixes/patches, make a release from master.
Else make a release from develop.

If decided to make a release version is from `develop`, do the following to release a balsamic new version:

> 1. git checkout develop
> 
> 2. git pull
> 
> 3. bumpversion --verbose [major/minor/patch]
> 
> 4. git push
> 
> 5. git push --tags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `git checkout master && git pull`
1. `git checkout develop`
1. `git merge master`
1.  Fix all possible conflicts and `git push`
1. `git checkout -B release_X.X.X`
1. Change X.X.X version of the release in the CHANGELOG.rst

Make a pull request to master at this point. After pull request is approved and merged into master:
1. `git checkout master`
1. `git pull`
1. `bumpversion --verbose [major/minor/patch]`
1. `git push`
1. `git push --tags`
````
